[Autogenerated] Let's take a look at one possible way to solve the
problem that the back and service starts to spin,
trying to re process a message that causes an error.
There is an enterprise integration pattern that's about
dealing with messages that cannot be processed,
which is the dead letter channel pattern.
The idea is that when the system detects a message that
it cannot process for some reason,
that message is put aside on a special channel so that it doesn't
get in a way for processing other messages.
Rapid MQ supports this pattern as follows.
You can have it automatically send messages that are negatively
acknowledged to with that letter exchange,
which routes them to that letter Q A system administrator or another piece of
software and then examined the messages on the dead letter.
Q.
Explaining rabid MQ in detail is outside of the scope off this course,
so I won't explain.
The configuration will be doing in rebel MQ in detail.
It is, however,
important that you know about the dead letter channel
pattern because it's a common way to deal with problem
messages in messaging applications.
What we want to achieve is that when an exception
happens in our integration flow.
The message that causes the problem is not put right back onto the
queue so that it's immediately processed again,
but instead that it's put on a dead letter.
Q.
Let's start by making a small change in the demo application.
The A M Q B inbound general adapter has an error handler attached to
it that is used to handle exceptions that might occur when it sends
messages into the spring integration flow.
The default error handler will send a negative acknowledgement
to rabid MQ for most types of exceptions,
which will cause rapid mq to put the message back onto the Cube.
Let's replace the default error handler with our own error handler
so that we get more control over what happens.
We can do that by adding an error handler attributes,
which points to a spring bean that implements in their fish error handler.
I've defined the glass registration error,
a handler, which is our custom error handler.
A simple thing we can do in the handle error method is wrap any exception
in an AM kubectl reject and don't Rick you exception.
This is a special exception that rabbit MQ message Listener will
respond to by telling Rabbit MQ to drop and not Rick you the message
when we now run the application without having greenmail running and
we try to submit the registration.
An exception will, of course, still be locked in the service application,
but it will not start spinning.
So we've solved the spinning problem.
But now the message that caused the problem just disappears.
Let's see how we can make rather than kubectl.
Don't know that Letter cube.
For this, we have to do some configuration in the rapid,
um, que management application.
So go to local oh sport 15 6 72 and log in with username guest and pastor guest.
First, we'll have to create a dead letter exchange.
Go to exchanges under, add a new exchange.
Enter the name Globomantics dot the Alex Select type fan out Click Add exchange.
Next, we'll created that letter Q, which will bind to this exchange?
Go to cues under add a nuke, you enter the name Globomantics.
Start the elk UI, click at Kew,
then click on the name off the queue in the table under
bindings and add a binding to this.
Q.
Enter the name of the exchange, which is Globomantics dot de l X and click bind.
Finally, we'll recreate our registration request.
Q.
And make sure that the dead letter exchange is set to
the exchange We've just created.
Go back to cues.
Delete the Globomantics Docker administration.
Regressed Cube.
Create a queue again under add new Q.
Enter the name, then click on that letter exchange,
which will add an argument for the value of the argument.
Enter Globomantics or the Elects, which is the name off the dead letter exchange.
Then click at Kew.
Now let's run the application again.
Still, without having greenmail running and under registration again.
Now you will see that after a few seconds,
the message appears on the Dead letter.
Q.
You can even get the message to inspect its content before we continue.
Let's recap the most important learning points off this model.
So far,
all the message Chandler's in our integration flow are
executed on the same threat because off the types off
message generals that we've used,
this has consequences for what happens with
exceptions that are thrown by message.
Hander's exceptions go back all the way to the rabbit MQ message listener.
We have to be careful to configure the error handling on
the message listener so that messages that cause problems
are handled appropriately.
We also have to think about transaction boundaries.
Transactions in spring are threat local,
which means that two pieces off coat that are running in different
threats don't share transaction in this example.
Because the whole flow runs on the same threat.
We can set the transaction boundaries to include the entire flow.
If we have non transactional systems in our flow,
such as the meal server and the billing system,
then using transactions is not going to prevent
undesired behavior when errors occur.
Sending an email or calling the building service will
not be undone when an error occurs.
In the second part of this module,
we'll take a look at a different approach to handling
errors in the integration flow,
which will give us more fine grained control to handle errors that happen in specific message handlers